5.1: Allocation

5.1.1: The stack

All local variables are allocated on the stack, however at the compiler's discretion variables may be optimised into registers. Arrays can be allocated on the stack if the length is known at compile time at the discretion of the compiler. Temporary variables are also allocated space on the stack.

5.1.2: The heap

Arrays are typically allocated on the heap, there are exceptions as noted above. Structs can also be allocated on the heap with the '=> new' operator.
```
ref int32 b => new 4
ref int32 c => new 4 + 67
ref int32 d => new int32 (32)
```
In these cases the final type is inferred from the left hand side. 'new' can not be used by itself. For example the following is invalid.
```
new int32 (40)
```
The compiler may, at it's discretion, place any variable on the heap. As this is a performance hit it will only happen if the variable is passed to a function that requires a parameter to be on the heap.


5.2: Reference counting

Al variables allocated on the heap are reference counted unless they are in an array.


5.3: Constructors




5.4: Destructors

A variable on the stack has its destructor called when it falls of scope unless it has been moved or had its destructor invoked manually. A destructor is guaranteed to be called no more than once for each variable. Variables are guaranteed to be either destructed or moved.


5.5: Assigning variables




5.6: Moving variables

A temporary value that is immediately assigned to a variable may be moved instead of copied. 